My foot slipped.
You really have slippery feet.
I'm so cunning
Go shopping by yourself
Hey Shanshan
Does Mrs. Shanshan need me to go get him back?
Ah, let him go.
Yeah let him go
What the hell are you up to?
This is the candied gourd I bought especially for my wife
You come back from the street
I just kept looking at this candied gourd and giggling
He is made of gold
Xiao if you think
How about Qiuyue?
Nangong Guan
You know.
These servants in our mansion are all carrying ghosts
In comparison
Nangong officials treat their wives best
Madam also trusts the Nangong official the most
In fact, I suspect that Nangong Guan likes Madam
Nangong likes Xiaojiu
Keep it down.
Don't you think
Is Madam and Nangong Guan a good match?
Your expression
Should not
Do you like my wife's Nangong official?